added tableau part three (#39)
LaunchCodeEducation/data-analysis-wiki: Tableau-Part-3.md

# Tableau Part 3

## In the prep work for this class, the students learned:

> 1. How to create basic and table calculations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. How to create table calculations
```

1. How to create parameters
1. How to create a new relationship between two tables

## Announcements

1. Always check with your program manager to see if there are any upcoming deadlines you should highlight!

## Large Group Time (Instructor)

### Topics That Require Careful Attention
1. Calculations: Table calculations may be difficult for learners to understand and may be worthwhile to demo a table calculation during lecture.
1. Parameters: It is important to understand that parameters do not function on their own and that they need to be incorporated into the visualization through other means (calculated field, filter, reference line)

> 1. Relationships: This was covered as they are asked to create one during the exercises. It is probably worth talking about what is actually happening behind the scenes when a relationship is created, we tried to include as much detail as we could without going to far out of scope here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Relationships: This was covered as they were asked to create one during the exercises. It is probably worth talking about what is actually happening behind the scenes when a relationship is created. We tried to include as much detail as we could without going too far out of scope here.
```

## Studio (IA Notes)

> 1. Learners also have to createa relationship for the studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Learners also have to create a relationship for the studio.
```
